Star Trek: Shattered Alliance Mod by McShooterz v0.23, with assitance from Tablemat and Nicky
Contributions from Elethio and echo2361

BlackBox version tested on: RadicalElements RC 0128

Installation:
1.) This mod requires the BlackBox code mod to run, which can be found here: https://bitbucket.org/CrunchyGremlin/sd-idk/downloads
To install the BlackBox code mod simply copy the files directly into your StarDrive directory. Note that this will replace original files,
so use Steam's verify local content feature to unistall.
2.) Copy the contents of the "Copy to StarDrive" folder directly into your StarDrive directory.
3.) Enable the mod in StarDrive's mod manager.


Credits:

As I am not a modeller, I had to rely on the works of others to make this possible. All of the credit for
the meshes and textures go to the original author; all I did was convert them. Most of the models are either under
a blanket use permission or a statement by the author for others to use their work provided proper credits are included.

For general author permission see: http://www.dynaverse.net/forum/index.php/topic,163351890.0.html

If there is an issue with any of the credits or you are an author of one of the included models and you do not want your
work included in this mod please lets me know so I can make the changes. 

Thanks to the SOA team & Major Stress for permission to use the following original models:

Borg Cube-SOA Team
Borg Sphere-SOA Team
Borg Scout-SOA Team
Borg Coffin-SOA Team
Borg Pyramid-SOA Team
Cardassian Keldon-SOA Team
Cardassian Starbase-SOA Team
Dominion Harbinger-SOA Team
Dominion Karemman-SOA Team
Dominion Horda-SOA Team
Federation Defiant-SOA Team
Federation Akira-SOA Team
Federation Steamrunner-SOA Team
Federation Oberth-SOA Team
Federation Norway-SOA Team
Federation Saber-SOA Team
Federation Nova-SOA Team
Federation Type 6 Shuttle-SOA Team
Federation Curry-SOA Team
Federation Miranda-SOA Team
Federation Excelsior-SOA Team
Federation Workerbee Shuttle-SOA Team
Federation Venture-SOA Team
Ferengi Dkora-SOA Team
Klingon Kron-SOA Team
Klingon Bird Of Death-SOA Team
Klingon Kvek-SOA Team
Klingon Kvort-SOA Team
Klingon D12 Brel-SOA Team
Klingon Starbase-SOA Team
Klingon K'Tar-SOA Team
Maquis Raider-SOA Team
Romulan D'Deridex-SOA Team
Romulan V18 Sparrowhawk-SOA Team
Romulan V6 Gallant Wing-SOA Team
Romulan V32 Killerhawk-SOA Team
Romulan Blackwind-SOA Team
Romulan Talon-SOA Team
Romulan Starbase-SOA Team

Borg Diamond-Mr.Tricorder

Breen Cruiser-Redragon, Trekmods Team
Dominion Enslaver-Redragon,Trekmods Team
Federation Sovereign-Redragon, MajorStress
Romulan Norexan-Redragon
Romulan V1 Starglider-Redragon

Breen Scythe-Trekmods Team
Breen Fighter-Trekmods Team
Cardassian Kimal-Trekmods Team
Cardassian Barkus-Trekmods Team
Cardassian Grommel-Trekmods Team
Cardassian Galor-Trekmods Team
Cardassian Hideki-Trekmods Team
Dominion Leviathan-Trekmods Team
Dominion Devastator-Trekmods Team
Dominion Virulent-Trekmods Team
Dominion Insidious-Trekmods Team
Dominion Dominator-Trekmods Team
Federation Nebula-Trekmods Team
Federation Intrepid-Trekmods Team
Federation Peregrine-Trekmods Team
Federation Danube-Trekmods Team
Klingon NeghVar-Trekmods Team
Romulan D'Verix-Trekmods Team

Federation Galaxy-MajorStress,Rick Knox, SNS, CE
Federation Abassador-MajorStress
Federation Centaur-MajorStress
Federation Constellation-MajorStress
Klingon Raptor-MajorStress, Charvell
Romulan V11 Stormbird-MajorStress, Thomas the Cat

Federation Constitution-Rick Knox
Klingon L24 Komo'Val-Rick Knox, Atrahasis
Romulan Z1 Nova-Rick Knox
Romulan T10 Bright One-Rick Knox
Romulan V7 Whitewind-Rick Knox
Romulan V30 Winged Defender-Rick Knox

Federation Starbase-Moon Raker
Klingon D10 Riskadh-Moon Raker, Atrahasis
Klingon D7 K'Tinga-Moon Raker
Romulan V8 Warbird-Major Stress, Atrahasis

Klingon VoDleh-Wicked Zombie
Romulan Melak-Wicked Zombie

Klingon Fek'Lhr-You-Cheng Hsieh, Taldren

Klingon Vorcha-Cleeve

Klingon D4 Predator-Atrahasis

Klingon D11 One Wing-Major Rascal

Romulan H'Veik-Tus

The following have been converted from Armada/Armada 2 with permission from their respective author

Models by Pepperman-pepperman35@hotmail.com

Romulan Advanced Construction Ship
-  Game: Star Trek Armada
*    -	Mesh Developer: Taldren, Activision and Mad Doc Software
*    -	Texture Developer: Taldren, Activision, Mad Doc Software
*       and Atrahsis' Warbird Textures which were orginally applied
*       by Klingon Fanatic
*    -  Additiional modifications by Pepperman
     -  Note: This is a conversion from SFC
Klingon Advanced Construction Ship
*    -    Game: Star Trek Armada II
*    -     Race: Klingon
*    -	Mesh Developer: Activision and Mad Doc Software
*    -	Texture Developer: Activision and Mad Doc Software
*    -    Kitbash: Pepperman 
Romulan Raptor Class Refit:
*    -  Game: Star Trek Armada 1
*    -	Mesh Developer: Activision and Mad Doc Software
*    -	Texture Developer: Activision and Mad Doc Software
*    -  Additiional modifications by Pepperman 
Romulan Shadow Wing Class:
*    -  Game: Star Trek Armada I or Armada II
*    -  Designer: Atolm/Azel
*    -  Mesh Developer: Pepperman
*    -  Texture Developer: Pepperman
Klingon C9 Warblood
*    -  Game: Star Trek Armada II
*    -  Ship Design: Raven Night
*    -	Mesh Developer: Raven Night
*         + RavenNight@Hotmail.com
*         + See original read me file (C9 Readme.doc)
*    -	Texture Developer: Raven Night
*    -  Conversion By: Pepperman 
Romulan Deshara:
*   -  Design:  Galen/Kaden Designs (http://gkdesigns.blogspot.com/2007/09/romulan-deshara-warbird-completed.html)
*   -  Mesh Developer: Pepperman 
*   -  Texture Developer: Pepperman 
Romulan NNeikha:
*  Tal Shiar Warbird v.1.0
*    -  Game: Star Trek Armada
*    -	Mesh Developer: Atrahasis
*    -	Texture Developer: Atrahsis
*    -  Conversion from SFC and other modifications by Pepperman

Models by Achilles-wrathofachilles@hotmail.com

Cardassian Argrai Class
Dominion Carrier:
Thanks to STGamer2002 who helped me with the entire release.
Cardassian Korinar Class:
Thanks to STGamerNew2002 for the wireframe, build button and Admirals log picture,
also for his general opinions during production.
Thanks to Major A Payne for his opinions during creation.
Cardassian Loknar Class:
Thanks to Major A Payne for his opinions during creation.
Cardassian Norin Class:
Thanks to Major A Payne for reminding me to make this model.
Thanks to STGamer2002 who is helping me out with some mod stuff :)
Thanks to who ever sent in some reference shots, I dont remember the name, sorry.
Romulan Rnara Class:
Design by Azel/Atolm
Model & Textures by WrathofAchilles/Achilles
Romulan Shrike Class:
*  Romualn Shrike v1.0
*    -  Game: Star Trek Armada II
*    -	Mesh Developer: Achilles
*    -	Texture Developer: Achilles 
Cardassian Tonga Class
Dominion Heavy Attack Class:
Thanks to Major A Payne for suggesting the model and his opinions
during production and many other things.
Thanks to STGamer2002 who offered to convert for me and is going
to helping out with some mods soon I hope.

Models by Dan1025-dan_ocean@hotmail.co.uk

Cardassian Brinok Class:
Full Credit for the original models used (Keldon and Veracidor), and textures goes to Zorg
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Colony Ship:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Construction Ship:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Gul Vystan Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Janissary Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Kulinor Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Legate Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Peltast Class:
Credit for the original model used (Hideki Class) goes to Zorg
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Thanks to Rich (thunderfoot006) for coming up with the class name and writing the tooltip.
Cardassian Rasilak Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Repair Ship:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Sartan Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg.
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Cardassian Vasad Class:
Full Credit for the original model used (Galor Class), and textures goes to Zorg
Credit for the orginal borg texture I used goes to "Scorpians" altered SFC stock sphere mod
Vulcan Race 1.1 Pack:
All combat ships - Atolm
Main texture - Atolm
Cargo Transport - Achilles model (retextured)
Starbase - Achilles model (kibashed & retextured)
Colony Ship -  Original model done by Bryan, remade my Major A Payne (retextured)

Models by Major Payne-mapayne@mail.com

Cardassian Hutet Class
Federation Lethe Class:
- USS Lethe, concept, design, mesh and texture set originally created by Jay "NightShadow" Seals. Released Through http://cgdonline.com/jayseals/ (Also available from www.scifi-meshes.com)
- This low poly game compatible model recreation by Major A Payne. Texture set created using renders of the above credited model.
Federation Insignia Class:
- Original Insignia (USS Pioneer NCC 75453) mesh and textures created by Mark Kingsnoth (msk@ukc.ac.uk).
- This low poly mesh recreated by Major A Payne using renderings of the above model as both reference material and texture set.
Borg Tactical Cube
- Original Tactical Cube concept/creation: Doug Drexler (design recreated for Star Trek Voyager. Property of Paramount).
- High poly Reproduction: Created as a scratch built mesh for CGI image creation as done by Nico Weigand (available through Sci-Fi Meshes forum/website). Additional credits to I_E_Maverick and Wal for their part in creating the exquisit texture set for Nico's model.
- This model: Mesh scratch built by Major A Payne using high pixel renders of the high poly CGI mesh. These renders were later adapted for usage as this low poly mesh tactical armour texture. (Used with permission)
Borg Tactical H
- Original concept/creation: Unknown. Reference picture used from unknown source.
- This low poly model scratch built by Major A Payne. Textures used from SFC3 based source and Tactical Armour texture (rendered from Tactical Cube model originally created by Nico Weigand (available through www.scifi-meshes.com))
Borg Tactical Pyramid
- Original concept/design by Major A Payne (model and texture application by Major A Payne).
- Textures created from CGI based reference material, and supplied by The Great One.
Federation Challenger
Federation Niagara:
- Original model and texture set create by LC Amaral(chrisholm@brturbo.com)
- Thie low poly 50% mesh rebuild done by Major A Payne. Textures edited to reinclude the phaser arrays and repplied as necessary.
- ODF editing by Joelteon7 and SuperStarAsh
- Admiral's Pic made by Joelteon7


Models by Ash Stephens-ash87uk@sky.com

Dominion Chimera Class:
Included model and textures originally designed by Clint "Achilles" Hall. Texture alterations by myself.
Klingon Ship Pack:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
Constructionship animation: apoclaydon/blade.
All meshes, textures, etc are by me. 
Federation Prometheus Class:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
All meshes, textures, etc are by me.
Klingon Qeh'Ral Class:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
All meshes, textures, etc are by me.
Romulan Venator Class:
All meshes, textures etc. are by me.
Thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial
Romulan Veles Class:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
Federation Cheyenne Class:
Original textures : LC Amaral
Federation Springfield Class:
Original textures : LC Amaral
Federation Ship Pack:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
Special thanks to apoclaydon/blade for his advice on the miningstation lighteffects.
All meshes, textures, etc are by me.
Constructionship animatian, texture and ODF edited by apoclaydon/blade.  
Sona Ship Pack:
Original Model Design:	Dark Razer
Original Textures: 	Dark Razer
Original Mesh:	 	Dark Razer
Edited Textures: 	Elrond
Romulan Griffin Class:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
All meshes, textures, etc are by me. 
Romulan Shadow Class:
Suresh Class (and hardpointing of model) credited to Aad Moreman
Concept credited to Mad Doc and Activision
Compiling of file credited to Ash Stephens
Borg Ship Pack 3:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
All meshes, textures, etc are by me. Except the Bcolony. I used the stock SOD-file and added some details.
Borg Ship Pack 2:
As allways, thanks to Wrath of Achilles for his Texture Tutorial and Major A Payne for his SodTutorial. 
All meshes, etc are by me. In some textures I used, stockmaterial, that was edited by me.

Models by Avon

Cardassian Makur Class:
Meshes: Built by Avon
Textures: Created by Zorg001 and WickedZombie45
Texture mapping: Avon

Models by Jetfreak

Federation New Orleans
- Mesh rebuilds by Aad Moreman, originals by Cpt. LC Amaral
- Textures are credited to Cpt. LC Amaral

Models by STGamerNew2002

Dominion Founders Yacht
MESH AND SOD: LeOmAn
TEXTURE: LeOmAn

Models by Starfroce2

Dominion Transport
Model and textures: Deemon

Models by Smiley-daniel5042@yahoo.co.uk

Dominion Light Cruiser
Design: Azel/Atom (odontotyrannus@aol.com)
Mesh/Textures: Smiley (Daniel Clarke - daniel5042@yahoo.co.uk)

Models by DarkDrone
Type 9 and Type 11 Shuttlecraft
AUTHOR:Darkdrone
Mesh:ELITEFORCES2
Textures:ELITEFORCES2

The following are models form Star Fleet Command battleclinic.

Hydran Star Base
Original Modeler: Spyder
Original Textures: Spyder/Taldren

Hydran Freighter
Author : Armada II creators as converted by Darkdrone. Retexture by Klingon Fanatic using STOCK Hydran textures.

Hydran Overlord
Original Modeler: Taldren
Original Textures: Taldren
Kitbash Modeler: Thu11s
Kitbash Textures: Thu11s

Hydran Uhlan Medium Carrier
Original Modeler: Taldren
Original Textures: Taldren
Kitbash Modeler: Thu11s
Kitbash Textures: Thu11s

Hydran Large Freighter
Original Modeler: Taldren
Original Textures: Taldren
Kitbash Modeler: Thu11s
Kitbash Textures: Thu11s

Hydran Small Freighter
Original Modeler: Taldren
Original Textures: Taldren
Kitbash Modeler: Thu11s
Kitbash Textures: Thu11s

Hydran Hunter Frigate
Original Textures: Taldren
Kitbash Modeler: Thu11s
Kitbash Textures: Thu11s

Hydran Stiger Fighter
Original Textures: Taldren
Kitbash Modeler: Thu11s
Kitbash Textures: Thu11s

Hydran Crown Prince Elite Cruiser
Author		: Lord Delekhan
Email		: shargenmepps@yahoo.com

Hydran Shuttle
Author		: Lord Delekhan
Email		: shargenmepps@yahoo.com

Federation Phaser Turret
Author: Tooie32
Email: carl_8302@yahoo.com

Federation Torpedo Turret
Author: Tooie32
Email: carl_8302@yahoo.com

SFC Mission API and Star Trek: Starfleet Command are trademarks
of Interplay Entertainment Corp. All Rights Reserved.

Star Trek Armada and Star Trek Armada 2 are trademarks of Activision and MAD DOC Software.

Star Trek, Star Fleet Command, Klingon Academy, ST: Bridge Commander, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Voyager (and the various logo devices used in them) are copyright Paramount Pictures, as are the characters, related images, and sound from the productions. 