Author: WickedZombie45

Demon Renegade Studios

http://www.nightsoftware.com/omega/drs/

Ship Name: Romulan Melak Warbird (Based on ship seen in Star Trek: New Worlds)

Notes: SFC 1, 2/OP, and SFC 3 versions are included. The sfc 1 and 2 models are in separate folders so if you wish to use them in their respective games, simply drop those into the ship's folder in place of the standard sfc3 version.
The brk (exploding model) mod file is compatible with all SFC versions.

Ship Class: CA

Race: Romulan Star Empire

Date: 6/8/2004

Contact info: wickedzombie45@aol.com

Model made/edited using: Lightwave 5.6, 3d Studio Max 3.1, Paint Shop Pro 7, Uview, Taldren's .mod plugin

Please note: This policy is open to change following developments concerning my work which may not have been an issue previously. I suggest you check back frequently in order to keep updated on the current policy status. Copies of the policy included with the files may not be as up-to-date as the one posted here.

I have no problem with kitbashes/alterations as long as the following procedures are followed:

1.) Everyone involved with the kitbash/modification is to be credited. That includes the original model author(s), anyone involved with the design (if different from the modeler), and the person who created the alteration. This will set up a history of the modifications and give credit to all involved.

2.) If a ship is to be converted to another game (Bridge Commander, Armada, Klingon Academy, etc.) I prefer being notified of any alterations to my work as most times the credits are not listed properly, the ships aren't converted correctly, etc.

3.) If the ship is to be released to the public, no parts from a restricted model are to be used. Some modelers don't want their work to be altered and I would expect everyone to respect that. If there is a part or parts that are restricted, I can possibly create a replacement for you to use.

4.) If the ship is to be released to the public, I would ask that you contact me first. This is to make sure you have the proper credits listed and to make sure no restricted parts are being used. On some occasions people have credited me for work that I have never seen before.

5.) Please do not post these models on other websites (with the exception of mod/dynaverse downloads, kitbashes, and conversions to other games). I prefer keeping my ships on a single site so I can better control their distribution and make sure the correct files are updated. I know this sounds rather strict but it becomes a bit tedious when trying to update a ship and having to contact dozens of other websites to inform them of the changes as well.

6.) If I grant permission for alterations to a single model, that is not to be interpreted as a base acknowledgment for further alterations/conversions/kitbashes/etc. to any other ship that I have created. Approvals of alteration requests apply only to individual ships, not all of them at once unless otherwise stated in my response.

7.) All work on this site is property of the respective owners. If anyone attempts to steal or take credit for work they did not do, I will hunt you down and feed you to a pack of bloodthirsty wolves.

Are these following files/modifications included?

Model brks (exploding model)-yes
Textured-yes
Hardpoints/damage points-yes
Ship (mod) file-yes
SFC II illumination maps-yes
SFC 3 Compatable-yes

Star Trek, Star Fleet Command, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Voyager
(and the various logo devices used in them) are copyright Paramount Pictures, as are the
characters, related images, and sound from the productions. 	